#summary How to use the Component in an .xaction
= Prerequsities =

  * You need to know how to build .xaction sequences in design studio.
  * You need to know how to build "Get Data From" a source (OLAP, Javascript, or SQL) in an .xaction
  * You need to know how to add a "Custom" component definition to an .xaction using the Design Studio

= Pentaho Flash Chart =

== Component Class ==
`com.google.code.pentahoflashcharts.OpenFlashChartComponent`

== Inputs ==

  * chart_dataset (_required_) - A Pentaho "result-set" passed from a previous "Get Data From" operation.  You must have configured a SQL/MDX/Javascript object BEFORE this action that retrieved your data
  * chart_height (_optional_) - The height of the flash chart to render.  DEFAULT: 500
  * chart_width (_optional_) - The width of the flash chart to render.  DEFAULT: 300
  * chart_template_string (_optional_) - The string chart template instead of using a "resource" to use.  See the section on [ChartTemplate] syntax.  Either chart_template_string or chart_template must be defined.
  * use_pentaho_xml (_optional_) - A true/false string that tells the flash chart component to use the Pentaho XML format [XMLTemplates] or to use the [PentahoFlashChartXMLTemplate].  DEFAULT: true
  * ofc_lib_name (_optional_) - The name of the Open Flash Chart .swf file to use.  Some charts may want to use a "patched" version of the SWF file.  DEFAULT: "open-flash-chart.swf" the standard OFC2 SWF file.
  * other_html_fragment (_optional_) - Any additional "HTML" to present with the flash chart.  Useful to create javascript functions for onclick events.  DEFAULT: empty.
  * *ANY OTHER VARIABLE* (_optional_) - You can pass as an input any custom variables (myCustomTitleForChart) that can be used in the [ChartTemplate]

== Resources ==

  * chart_template (_optional_) - The "resource", usually a solution file, to use as the [ChartTemplate].  This is typically used so that you can create a file, "mychartdefinition.txt" that contains the [ChartTemplate] rather than using a string

== Outputs ==

  * html_fragment - Contains the HTML fragment that will render the flash chart.  This includes a Flash Object fragment of size chart_height x chart_width (from inputs) and a callback location for the open flash chart data file in the content repository.  

  * content_url - Contains the URL of the generated open flash chart data file in the content repository.  This is the [ChartTemplate] mashed up with the data to make the real data file to display in open flash chart.