#summary Quickest way to See Flash Charts in Pentaho

= Pre Reqs =
 * Pentaho Demo 1.7.GA is needed for OFC 1.0.  Download and verify a working installation of Pentaho 1.7.GA.  The base directory (pentaho-demo) is now referred to as $PENTAHO_HOME
  
 * Pentaho Demo 2.0x is needed for OFC 2.0.  Download and verify a working installation of Pentaho 2.0x.  The base directory (pentaho-demo) is now referred to as $PENTAHO_HOME

 * Desire for nice looking charts

= Steps =

  * Download and unzip the "pentahoflashchartcomponent-VERSION.zip" somewhere.  We'll now refer to this as $OFC_HOME
  * Copy $OFC_HOME/open-flash-chart.swf to $PENTAHO_HOME/jboss/server/default/deploy/pentaho-styles.war/images/ (Pentaho 2.x: $PENTAHO_HOME/tomcat/webapps/pentaho-styles/images/)
  * (only for OFC 2.0)Unzip the js.zip into the open-flash-chart.swf file directory. We use the swfobject.js and the json2.js for calling the open flash chart . You should unzip the js.zip without change the directory in this zip. For Instance, under Pentaho PCI 2.0M3, we would place *.js  into  /pentaho-style/images/js.
  * Copy the directory "openflashchart" of $OFC_HOME/solutions/ to $PENTAHO_HOME/pentaho-solutions/.  End result is that there should be a directory (with files at $PENTAHO_HOME/pentaho-solutions/openflashchart
  * Copy the file $OFC_HOME/pentahoflashchartcomponent-VERSION.jar" to $PENTAHO_HOME/jboss/server/default/deploy/pentaho.war/WEB-INF/lib (Pentaho 2.x: $PENTAHO_HOME/tomcat/webapps/pentaho/WEB-INF/lib/)
  * Start (or Restart) your Pentaho server.  You may have to "Update the Solution Repository" from the Admin screen if the Solution doesn't show up.

= Optional Steps =
  * (only for OFC 1.0)Configure the System Listener (stub). Open $PENTAHO_HOME/pentaho-solutions/system/pentaho.xml and find the <system-listeners>. Then add the openflashchart listener like these: <openflashchart>com.bayontechnologies.bi.pentaho.plugin.openflashchart.OpenFlashChartSystemListener</openflashchart>
Save it and restart your pentaho server.

  * (only for OFC 2.0)Configure the System Listener (stub). Open $PENTAHO_HOME/pentaho-solutions/system/systemListeners.xml and find the <system-listeners>. Then add the openflashchart listener like these: <bean id="OpenFlashChartSystemListener" class="com.google.code.pentahoflashcharts.OpenFlashChartSystemListener"/>
Save it and restart your pentaho server.