#summary A description of how to create Pentaho chart XML for PentahoFlashCharts

= XML Templates =

This document covers how to use Pentaho's existing [http://wiki.pentaho.com/display/ServerDoc2x/Chart+Properties+Reference Chart Definition XML] to create flash charts in Pentaho.  

Most charts that are built for Pentaho Charts will work with the PentahoFlashChart repository.  Same XML, Same Data should produce a similar chart.

The replacements outlined in [TemplateReplacements] are applied to the chart XML before processing.  In other words, you can put ${head1} into the XML and it will be replaced with the literal header value before processing into a chart.

= Supported XML =

By default, any "unknown" XML is ignored.  You can add as many additional Pentaho XML fragments as you want.  The PentahoFlashChart component will simply ignore tags it doesn't know how to process.

== Pentaho XML tags supported ==

{{{

<dataset-type>CategoryDataset</dataset-type>

<chart-type>BarChart</chart-type>
<chart-type>LineChart</chart-type>
<chart-type>PieChart</chart-type>

<title></title>
<title-font>
  <font-family></font-family>
  <size></size>
  <is-bold></is-bold>
  <is-italic></is-italic>
</title-font>

<range-title></range-title>
<range-title-font>
  <font-family></font-family>
  <size></size>
  <is-bold></is-bold>
  <is-italic></is-italic>
</range-title-font>
<range-minimum></range-minimum>
<range-maximum></range-maximum>

<domain-title></domain-title>
<domain-title-font>
  <font-family></font-family>
  <size></size>
  <is-bold></is-bold>
  <is-italic></is-italic>
</domain-title-font>

<color-palette><color></color></color-palette>

<plot-background type="color"></plot-background>
<chart-background type="color"></chart-background>

<orientation>horizontal</orientation> BarChart ONLY!
<orientation>vertical</orientation>

<is-3d></is-3d>

}}}

== PentahoFlashChart XML extensions ==

{{{

<is-glass>true/false</is-glass>
<is-sketch>true/false</is-sketch>

}}}


= Example = 

At a very basic level, the PentahoFlashChart component will do precisely what the PentahoChartComponent does, except it will output an OFC HTML Fragment along with a JSON text file (flash chart instead of image)

For example, using the chart XML resource:

{{{
<chart>
 <chart-type>BarChart</chart-type>
 <title>Sales Title</title>
</chart>
}}}

with the data

||Product||Amount||
||VCR||2981.21||
||DVD||8389.89||

Will produce the OFC JSON output ( a bar chart )

{{{

{
  "title":{
    "text":  "Sales Title"
  },
  "elements":[
    {
      "type":      "bar",
      "text":      "Amount",
      "values" :   [2981.21,8389.89]
    }
  ],
  "x_axis":{
    "labels":      ["VCR", "DVD"]
  }
}

}}}